This Movie is Ripped By SKUI
Join @KanMoviesUploaders in Telegram
You have to buy the uniforms from us.
And you have to pay extra
for it by the end of this month.
Only 20 percent
can be paid through check.
The balance must be paid in cash.
-Okay.
-Yeah. next?
-NEET. right? Give it.
-Yes. sir.
Sin²x + Cos²x is equal to
Sin²x + Cos²x(1- Sin²x)
If. fx = Cos²x
Then f(2022) is how much?
Use the formula to find the solution.
Today’s homework.
Please write it down.
Bring it on Monday.
Is the class over?
I didn't understand a thing.
And he has given homework as well.
Tell me what can be done.
Abi…
sign here.
Mom. who is he?
We are selling our video shop.
-Why?
-Why?!
What do you expect?
You will never get an engineering seat
with the marks you have scored.
So. we have to buy it.
We don't have the money.
We have to sell something. right?
You never studied when you had to.
And now you're asking us. "why?"
MUTHU BHUPATHI
BORN: 20-06-1953 DIED: 07-10-2010
This was the first video store
in this town.
And it will be the last one too.
This too will cease to exist.
All because of me.
Don’t worry. buddy.
They are selling this
off so that you can become an engineer.
When was the last time
you opened the store?
It is so dusty in here.
-Hey. Abi?
-Yes?
Check out your grandpa’s collections.
-Maybe. it's not his collection.
-Stop bluffing. man.
It's a very rare collection. man!
You can't find these even on the internet.
-Let's look for more.
-Yes.
What is this?
What is that?
Why has he kept these hidden?
Let me see.
It must be some heroine’s X-rated movie.
-Heroine…
-That’s why your grandpa has hidden it.
Yeah!
-Bring the TV.
-Okay.
-Hey. lower the volume! Lower it!
-Yes.
Who is he. buddy?
Hero!
Why is he taking a class?
Hey. this is a vintage video.
They take their sweet time.
They will eventually come to the point.
First. they give us the story.
Then. the screenplay!
And finally. the steamy scenes!
This is the real deal!
Hey. how much more?
Just fast-forward the video.
Yes.
-Hey! One minute!
-Yes.
Rewind it.
Now pause it.
Wasn't this given
to us as homework in class today?
-What?
-Homework?
Increase the volume and play again.
f(x) = Cos²x + (1- Cos²x)²
Sin²x + Cos^4x
Cos²x +…
You have to use (a - b)^2 formula here…
Sin²x plus…
What a teacher!
-Yes. man.
-Who is he?
A.M. Kumar.
Fourth May. 2000.
Sozhavaram?
Where is this place?
-It is just 40 kilometers from here.
-Should we go there?
For what. man?
If we go to this man for tuition.
I truly believe we can score well.
This way our parents can
save some money too.
-Really?
-Yeah.
CHOLAVARAM 5 KM
GOVERNMENT HIGH SCHOOL
WELCOME TO CHOLAVARAM
Where is A.M. Kumar's house?
Kumar. they are looking for your house.
Hey. kiddo. not him.
He is an elderly man.
He must be around 50 years old.
There are a lot of Kumars in this village.
Which Kumar are you looking for?
Madam. about 20 years ago…
There was a teacher named Kumar.
You can ask the peon
who worked in the government school.
He was not a teacher.
He was a student in our school.
He pays a visit once in a while.
Where is he now?
In Andhra.
He is the Kadapa District Collector.
Collector?
Will he take tuition for us?
Let's give it a try.
Excuse me?
-Yeah. tell me.
-We've come from Vellore.
We just want to meet the Collector.
3 HOURS LATER
It's not him.
Come. let’s leave.
Hey. he is the Collector.
So what? He's not the person we came for.
Hey! He is looking at us.
Hello? What is it?
Who are you guys?
Come here.
You cannot come
and go at your will.
What is the problem?
Sir. we have come from Vellore.
Okay?
Recently. we were vacating
his grandpa’s video shop…
Video shop?
What is the name of your grandpa?
Sir. Bhupathi.
Are you Mr. Bhupathi’s grandson?
Come. sit down.
When I was studying in school.
I was very close to your grandpa.
I came to your house
to attend his funeral.
I think you were
studying in the fourth or fifth class.
Fourth class. sir.
Okay. tell me. what do you want?
When we were cleaning his store.
we came across these cassettes.
When we played them.
we saw a person taking classes.
When we kept looking further.
we found a card.
Your name was on that card.
That’s why we…
Who is the person in that video?
My teacher.
Bala sir.
During the 1990s
the income of our country
increased due to the privatization policy.
The living standard
of our people improved.
And everyone believed that education
will make their lives better.
The demand for professional courses
like engineering and medicine went up.
Seeing the demand.
some people decided to capitalize on this
and turned education into a business.
They started TNPCEE coaching centers
and began to monetize
the frenzy of people around education.
In the name of quality of education.
they raised the fees in their schools.
At the same time. the State Government
couldn’t run the government schools.
The government couldn’t even pay salaries
to the teachers.
So those teachers went
to work in private schools
and TNPCEE coaching centers. which paid
high salaries to experienced teachers.
Due to the lack of teachers.
government schools were shut down.
So. education became a dream
for many underprivileged students.
So their parents started a protest.
The leaders of the opposition
parties joined them.
They all protested against
the closure of government schools
and the money-grubbing
attitude of private schools.
-Education Minister!
-Down. down!
-Stop it. man!
Hey. stop it.
THE PROTEST STARTED BY NARAYANASAMY
Can the middle class afford all this?
Listen. man!
I finished my entire education
for just 5.000 rupees.
Silence!
Srinivas Thirupathi.
Founder of the Thirupathi School
and Coaching Center.
and the President
of Private Schools Association.
The government was struggling
to run higher secondary schools.
So. to dodge the blame…
they were planning
to pass the fees regulation bill.
This would close many private
schools and coaching centers.
Thirupathi somehow found out about this.
and to counter it.
he came up with a master plan.
A man with a dangerous vision.
If he were Dronacharya.
he would have demanded
all the ten fingers of Ekalyva
as his fee.
All the private higher secondary schools
will work along with
the government schools.
All the government schools
in our area without teachers
will be adopted
by the Private Schools Association.
We will send our best teachers there.
We will provide quality education.
I WILL ADOPT GOVERNMENT SCHOOLS
SRINIVAS THIRUPATHI
-How can this happen?
-We will be at loss.
-This is intolerance.
-We cannot agree to this.
Silence!
Why are you so scared?
What is this. Thirupathi?
How can you promise
such things on a live telecast?
I said. silence!
When I go to a temple.
I don’t even give alms to a beggar.
Then how will I do something
that will bring me loss?
According to our country.
education is a non-profitable service.
We can do this business
because of little loopholes.
A single "fees regulation bill"
can finish all of us.
So. Mr. Srinivasan?
Seenu Coaching Center.
Forty-five thousand fees per annum.
Will it be okay
if they send you a notice
asking you to cap the fees at 6.000?
What about you. Mr. IIT Ramanan?
You accept 80 percent
of your fees only in cash.
Black.
Can you face an IT raid
at this age?
But Thirupathi.
if we send our best teachers.
just like you promised.
to government schools.
who will come to private schools?
Use your brain. Sudhakar.
Who said that we will be sending
our best teachers?
I don’t get you.
We are going to send third-grade
assistant teachers.
Those who are substitutes
for senior teachers
and clear doubts during study hours.
And those who stand in as night watchmen
at the student’s hostel.
It was a volleyball bet. sir.
First. they asked for 100 rupees.
But now they want 1.000 rupees.
Sir. it was…
Brother?
Play it that side.
Good day. brother.
What?
My name is Bala.
Balamurugan.
I am an assistant teacher at
Thirupathi Education Institution.
Maths.
They are my students.
So?
They played a bet match by mistake.
If you can forgive them this once…
Pay the money
and take them along.
One minute.
How much do you have?
Give it to me.
We have 100 rupees with us.
Brother. we have about 600 rupees.
Accept this and leave the kids.
Please. for my sake.
-Please!
-Get lost.
Thank you. brother.
Love you. brother.
Good night. brother.
This is what you do during study hours?
Silly fellows!
Come on.
Injuries are common in sports.
Sir. this was not due to sports.
They hit us.
Did you give 100 instead of 1000?
-Confiscate their cycle keys and bags.
-Brother. please leave us.
Don’t let them go
till we get the money.
-Brother?
-Yeah?
Did you hit my students?
Yes. I did. So what?
Sir. why did you hit him?
They might cause trouble. sir
-Sir. come. Let’s go.
-Sir. they are closing in.
Be careful with the pen.
Hey. get hold of the boys.
Only then will he come under control.
-Watch.
-Sir.
My pen?
Sir!
There is a God. Kumar!
Good morning everyone.
We have invited you all here for a reason.
On behalf
of the Private Schools Association.
we are going to run all the
government schools in our state.
We are going
to send you all as faculties there.
Will we get a raise?
We will continue with the same salary.
Your center result will speak
of your performance.
You will be rewarded
according to the results.
Sir. what will you give as a reward?
Who was that?
Sir!
Sir. myself…
-Balamurugan. Adyar branch.
-Hey!
-Sir. you said you'll give us a reward.
-Yeah.
If you tell us what it is.
it will be encouraging to all of us.
What do you want?
Ask for it.
Sir. if we really give good results.
then give us a promotion.
Alright.
If all the students in your school
pass your subject…
I will give you the promotion
that you so desire.
Okay. sir.
Super. sir.
Thank you. sir.
Sir. are you really going
to promote them?
Last month my driver threatened
to quit his job
If I didn’t give him a raise.
I promised to give him a raise
if he drove for a month with no accidents.
All these years. he was driving
without a single mishap.
But this month.
there were three dents in the car.
If we don’t have the heart to be generous.
we must exert pressure on them.
Or burden them with impossible tasks.
Hey! Did you switch on the AC?
Yes. sir.
Nowadays. he never speaks of salary.
He is happy as long as I don’t fire him.
They will also meet the same fate.
Don’t worry.
Leave.
-Okay?
-Okay. sir.
When this wheel circulates.
this small one…
How much chili powder should I add?
Two teaspoons.
Bala?
Where is he?
-He's leaving tomorrow. right?
-Yes.
So he went to Ansari's house.
Uncle. what is this?
Recently I received my provident fund.
With that. I bought three acres
of land in Ooty.
Rich man!
Let me get promoted
then I too will splurge like this.
-Bala?
-Yes.
-Do remember one thing.
-Tell me.
Being a teacher is not a job.
It is a responsibility.
The life of your students
is more valuable than your salary.
Look. who is talking?
Gandhi?
What do you know?
You are a single man
who can take free classes
and can buy property in hill stations.
I am not like you.
I have a lot of responsibilities.
Fine. I will give you my property.
Will you take free classes then?
First. you transfer your property to me.
Then I'll see.
Sir?
Bala sir?
Oh. God!
He has started again!
-Hey. my son. Bala sir?
-Yeah!
Bala sir?
Sir. please sit down.
How many times to tell you?
Why do you address me as "Sir"?
I am Driver Narayanan.
All these years. I have addressed
many people as "Sir" with disdain.
But today.
an entire school calls my son "Sir."
So. I too want to call you "Sir."
Bala sir!
Dad. your son is not a big sir.
He is a small sir.
That is not something great.
Anyone who provides education is great.
Hail Goddess Adiparasakthi!
Hail Goddess Kamatchi!
Mom. I'll take your leave.
Balamurugan. sir.
Brother?
-Shall we go?
-Where to?
Hello. stop smoking and start the car.
-Let’s go.
-Yes. come. Let’s go.
Hey! I am not a driver.
-I am the driver.
-Oh. you?
You look like a driver.
That confused me.
Balamurugan. maths teacher.
Karthik. chemistry.
Royal Higher Secondary School.
I am Prakash Reddy. Physics.
-I am from Pondicherry.
-Hello!
Brother. recently I have undergone
a hydrocele operation.
So. I must not lift weights.
-Can you help me with this?
-Oh. God!
Yes. I will handle it. brother.
No problem.
Operation?
Then are you allowed to smoke?
No. but it has become a habit.
What to do?
But it's a bad habit.
You smoke away!
I am a nomadic king
Follow my path
There will be no harm
Thaa le lo!
-Why are you wearing a school uniform?
-Like a caring mother
-Respect.
-The sky comes along with me
I don’t want anything else
Thaa le lo!
Even though I am in the pit
My heart is in a palanquin
When I see the needy and helpless
I become so generous
I am like the ten-headed Ravana
A booming war cry
When I sing to the tune
Even I become the poet of poets
There is food on my plate
There is water in my glass
No matter what happens
I do not shed any tears
There are a hundred stars
On my forehead. look!
When you go the way
You have come
There is no need to fear
Go ahead!
Somehow I must ensure
all the students pass.
Then I will definitely get a promotion.
Brother?
Why are you sleeping?
-No! I was listening.
-No. you were sleeping.
-I will start again.
-No. I heard everything.
-Listen to me. brother.
-Oh. God…
Wake him up.
Yes. I will. Hey?
Wake up.
Or else he will start from the beginning.
I am the wild river
That travels the world
The place where I stand
Becomes my hometown
Those who don’t worry about castes
Become my people
If you try to cross my way
I shall show my true nature
Even if he gets a little
He shares what he has
When he is with us
Every day becomes a good one
Let the abused and the poor
Reach great heights
Let’s stand at the forefront
-And strive together for them
-Hey. stop!
Sir? Are you the teachers
from the city?
I am the government school peon. sir.
Why do you speak
a mix of Tamil and Telugu?
This is the Andhra border. sir.
This is how we speak here.
Like me. most of the people here
speak Telugu. Please come.
Muthu. don’t you have
some other place to sleep?!
Get up and get lost!
-Brother?
-Go over there!
Why are you beating him?
He is leaving.
He will leave only if I tell
him this way.
You come. sir.
There are three rooms in total.
That room alone has
an attached bathroom.
The other rooms have
a bathroom outside.
-I'll see you at school tomorrow. Bye.
-Okay.
Brother. since I’ve undergone
a hydrocele operation.
My body needs some comfort.
So. I will do one thing.
I will take that bedroom
with an attached bathroom.
Okay? Bye. bro.
Hey. enough with it!
Why are you yapping
about hydrocele?
Is it cancer or a tumor?
It is just a swelling. right?
Karthik brother. relax.
Listen to him. brother.
He chews tobacco and smokes cigarettes.
What kind of a patient is he?!
Hey. buck-tooth!
That room is mine.
Hey. mind your own words!
I got this tooth from my grandma.
You can be proud
of your grandma's teeth.
Why should I?
How dare you talk about
my family in front of me?
Get lost with your "Butler English."
-This is spoken English.
-Stop it!
Both are the same.
Stop it. guys!
Why do you squabble like kids?
Who are we?
Teachers!
Where's the dignity?
Yeah.
Fine! Let’s do one thing.
Let’s decide with Inky. Pinky. Ponky.
-Okay?
-Okay.
-Double okay!
Inky. Pinky. Ponky.
Father had a donkey.
Donkey died. father cried.
Inky. Pinky. Ponky.
You're out. leave!
Donkey. you're out! Go!
Now between us.
-Inky. Pinky. Ponky.
-Okay!
-Father had a donkey.
Donkey died. father cried.
Inky. Pinky. Ponky.
The room is mine.
Yes!
We have school in the morning.
Time for bed.
Good night. brother.
Love you. brother.
Take care. brother.
Inky. Pinky. Ponky.
Father had a…
Anyway. he didn’t get the room.
I am happy.
CHOLAVARAM GOVERNMENT SECONDARY SCHOOL
SOZHAVARAM
Sir. he is the new teacher.
-Good day.
-Hello. sir.
-Give me!
-Hello!
Take now.
Sir. smile. please.
This is nothing like a school.
It is like a wedding ceremony.
Take a video.
Take it properly.
Welcome. sir.
Sir. I am Muthupandian.
The president of this village.
Elected thrice. unanimously.
-Oh. very good. sir!
-Just saying.
My brother-in-law said you're coming.
So. I made all the arrangements myself.
Brother-in-law?
Mr. Thirupathi.
We are distantly related
but very close.
Okay.
He is… not you!
-He is Mr. Sudharshan.
-Welcome. sir.
-Assistant headmaster and English teacher.
-Greetings.
Very intelligent.
He… He is Mr. Thanikachalam.
Headmaster!
-History and Tamil teacher.
-Okay. sir.
Take now.
He is Bittu Bhupathi.
He has a video store in Vellore.
He is our photographer and videographer.
Is Bittu his family name?
No!
There is an X-rated theater
outside our village.
He runs such movies on
Saturdays and Sundays.
That is why the name.
Hi.
You take it now.
-Come. I’ll show you the school.
-Okay. sir.
The school just re-opened.
There were no teachers
for the past two years…
There is another school
till 10th standard.
Even here. we have only two sections.
That too for 11th science students.
What about commerce students?
There is no one.
Good. right?
Last year this government
kept us very busy.
We had election duties
and other government work.
But you look like you never do much.
Madam?
Ms. Meenakshi. biology teacher.
Karthik. chemistry teacher.
I am Prakash Reddy. physics…
Bala. mathematics.
She has been working
in our school for the past four years.
She had many offers
from private schools.
But she didn’t accept any.
You can continue with your class.
Good morning. sir.
Good morning.
Sit down.
This class is full. right?
She is my daughter. Mahalakshmi.
Study well and become
an engineer. and make your father proud.
Okay. sir.
We will leave then.
You can continue with your class.
I'll see you. sir.
I'll leave. Let's get going.
-I will see you.
-Okay. sir!
Okay. students. Today is the first day.
So. let’s introduce ourselves.
Hey. Meenakshi is mine!
No way. Meenakshi belongs to me.
-Get lost! I'm telling you she is mine…
-Even I am saying the same thing.
-How dare you?
-I cannot leave her.
Why do you squabble like kids?
Who are we?
-Teachers.
Correct.
Where's the dignity?
Yes.
-Prakash Reddy.
-Yes?
You move out of his way.
-What?
-Yes!
Karthik. you move out
of his way as well. Okay?
You are pushing us out
so you can go ahead. right?
What an excellent brain!
Yes. that’s the plan!
Hey. Maths.
this is a triangular love story.
Don’t turn it into a rectangle.
Get out of our way.
How dare you touch Mr. Chemistry?
I am going to buy a two-bedroom
apartment in two years.
My mom and Meenakshi will be
cooking in that kitchen.
Just get out of my way. or else…
Shall we play Inky. Pinky. Ponky. brother?
What?
Inky. Pinky. Ponky?
Is this a bedroom
with an attached bathroom?
Love!
Meenakshi madam is special.
Get out of my way. kiddo!
-Okay. brother?
-Okay.
Good night. brother.
Take care. brother.
What is this Prakash Reddy?
We were taken for a ride!
It is fun to while away time like this.
If this continues.
then these tables
and chairs will rot away.
Brother. no one will come to school.
So. every day is a holiday.
Yes. and every day is a jolly day.
Sunday to Monday is a holiday.
We don’t have any work.
But yesterday. there were students.
Since you were coming yesterday.
the students who had already cleared
the tenth class were called in urgently
by the president to fill the classrooms.
He took the photos he needed.
He got the publicity that he wanted.
Here. take a look.
CHOLAVARAM GOVERNMENT
HIGHER SECONDARY SCHOOL REOPENED
You will get used to all this.
Bala sir's dream
to become a permanent teacher
and settle in life was shattered.
He was very depressed.
Check. I have a high score…
-Give that to me.
-No.
This is the only higher secondary
school in this area.
About two years ago.
children from neighboring villages
came here to study.
What happened then?
They shut down the school.
Those who could afford it.
joined the private schools.
And the rest were forced
to take up menial labor jobs.
They too need to survive. right?
But now the school is open.
And we are here to teach them.
What if you leave in a few days?
What if they shut down the school again?
The students showed up on the first day
because they were given snacks.
When they wanted to study.
we couldn’t provide them
with education.
Now you have come.
But they have no faith in you.
Not only them.
but I also don’t believe you.
Why?
How do I make you understand?
Come with me.
Karthik’s book?
Yeah. look at this.
He has played Flames with my name.
Since he got an "S" the first time.
he changed my name
from Meenakshi to Mynakshi.
Should I trust him?
Prakash Reddy is not like this.
Oh. the letter!
Bala sir. you too will become
like them in a week.
In a month. you will
complain about living here.
And you will leave this village.
I challenge you!
No madam.
I have come here with ambition.
I will never run away.
Not weeks or months. madam.
In about three days…
That is Monday.
On Monday. all classes
will have full attendance.
Just wait and watch.
I challenge you as well.
Okay. madam.
Thank you. madam.
Take care. madam.
Sir?
Gopika didn’t come to school.
Fritters for sale!
Snacks and fritters for sale!
We have a big family
but not enough income.
We have no other way. sir.
Since the president requested.
I sent her for a day.
But I cannot send her every day.
Lately. she has learned to tailor.
And is earning a few extra pennies
Why should she go
to school again?
Is this Gopal’s house?
He never listens to me. Or else.
I would've never sent him to school.
I would have asked him to get a job.
That rice cake seller. Shymala’s son…
He never listens to me. sir.
That grocery store owner.
Paramasivam’s son.
They all will be playing cards.
Scoundrels!
Sir. he is young.
You just see. once he gets married.
he will change for sure.
My father got a year’s worth
of salary in advance.
If I quit the job.
the village officer will be furious.
-Why aren’t you doing your job?
-Oh. no!
Dad. can I go to school tomorrow?
I made him study till the 10th class.
Isn’t that enough?
We live outside the village.
We can’t even afford the uniforms.
Why do we need education?
School? Then who will
do the household work?
Sir. what to do?
She's my second wife.
My daughter has got
a job in a house in Chennai.
Her salary is 2.000 rupees.
-You…
-Sir. sorry. We cannot send them.
Maths teacher.
it is enough if these girls learn
to read and write.
Then we will get them married
and send them off.
I’m just saying.
Can you do me a favor?
What is this. sir?
You are my brother-in-law’s man.
So. tell me.
Can you call the parents of all those
students who came to school last week?
Fine.
Hey?
-Will they dare disobey us?
-No chance. sir.
Sir. look! The entire village has come.
-Do you know why we are here?
-No!
Sir. when you call for a meeting.
they all show up.
But nobody came to school when I asked.
Many kids here are going to work.
When I asked their parents.
they said that they have to earn.
What is this?
They study to earn right?
Are you saying earning is wrong?
My wife. kids. and I work as laborers
and earn 60 rupees per day.
So that we can eat well.
Do you want me to send my child
to school and let my family starve?
Well said!
Maths teacher.
look at our inspector. Mr. Suresh.
Apart from the bribes.
he earns 4.500 rupees per month.
But our Sethu who sells alcohol…
Yes. him.
What. man?
He is illiterate.
But he earns 500 rupees
every day by selling alcohol.
He is earning more
than your graduate. right?
Yes. sir.
Then why do we need your education?
Fans!
Alright…
I will tell you a story.
Listen.
CHOLAVARAM VILLAGE COUNCIL
There was a boatman in Rameshwaram.
He had a loving wife
to look after the house.
They had five kids.
It was a poor family.
But somehow.
he educated his kids.
They starved themselves
but fed their children.
There was some magic in the simple
porridge served by the mother.
The last son was very studious.
He came first in his class.
He studied engineering at
the Madras Institute of Technology.
Then he became a scientist in ISRO.
He was called “The Missile Man.”
He is the one who conducted
the recent nuclear test in Pokhran.
Do you know his name?
A.P. J. Abdul Kalam.
If that boatman had thought…
why should my son study?
If he accompanies me at my job.
I could make a few extra
trips and earn extra pennies.
Then our country would have
lost a brilliant scientist.
Who is also the pride of our nation.
By the way. you addressed
the inspector as “Mr. Suresh.”
But the alcohol seller Sethu
was "Hey. Sethu" to you.
Pandian…
Sir…
you can earn money in many ways.
But only education can earn you respect.
Hey. Veeranna!
Fans!
I am there for you.
I will be there.
The uniform is not compulsory.
It is enough if you have
the passion to study.
I will take care of the rest.
Come to school.
From tomorrow you have
to go to school.
-Get going.
-Fine. I will go.
Okay. Mom.
No need to work.
go regularly to school.
Bala sir?
Madam. how is it?
I told you I will bring
the entire class.
Did I not?
Yes! I think you will do a lot
of good things for this school.
-Hey! Look there!
-Welcome to this school.
Oh my…
What are you waiting for?
They will not come.
Mr. Sudharshan.
Just because they gave you applause.
you think they'll turn up? They won't!
What is it?
I will not come to work.
Starting today. I will be going to school.
Let’s learn the alphabet. come along
Education is the path to heights
Let’s draft a new world. come on
Education is the light of the dawn
What we have learned is a drop
What we must learn is an ocean
Marks are like a jail
But knowledge is your freedom
Read now. study now
Study everything
Other things are unnecessary
The respect given by education is great
Study hard to spread your wings out
School is the temple of education
A village with a school will never suffer
Ignorance is cruel
But that will never last long
To hold the head up high
For lives to improve
-You need your education
-Hey. Kumar! Go to work.
If you study hard
You shall succeed
Or else. you will regret it
Listen to what I say
You have just one life. my friend
When the world hails you
That is the bliss of your birth
-You have just one life. my friend
-Maari. come!
You should reach out to the sky. my friend
Make use of your youthful days. my friend
You must sing and dance. my friend
You should come out
With flying colors. friend
If you study hard
You shall succeed
Or else. you will regret it
Listen to what I say
You have just one life. my friend
When the world hails you
That is the bliss of your birth
You have just one life. my friend
GOVERNMENT HIGHER SECONDARY SCHOOL
CHOLAVARAM
You all nailed it. superb!
-Thank you. sir.
How come all of your
handwriting is the same?
Whose handwriting is this?
If you don’t tell me now.
I will not take the class.
Sorry. sir.
We didn’t write it. sir.
Who wrote?
Muthu wrote it for us.
Who is Muthu?
He was from our school.
Ninety-six batch.
A week before the TNPCEE exams.
his parents committed suicide.
That put an end to his studies.
He became addicted to all vices.
He earned money
by doing household work at all the houses.
Will you come and work for me?
I will pay you 30 rupees per day.
But you have to do everything
I tell you. okay?
Come!
Kumar. get up!
It's time for work.
You must earn money and wealth
You have to help anyone who is in need
Because you have just one life
You have to live with respect. my friend
You have to die with dignity. my friend
For this to happen you have to study
Because you have just one life
With your hard earned money
You have to buy a saree for your mother
And see her tears of joy
Because you have just one life
In all the paths you go
People should say your name
Hearing that your father must feel proud
Because you have just one life
Aren’t you going to play cards?
I have stopped playing cards.
What?
You must sing and dance. my friend
You should come out
With flying colors. friend
If you study hard
You shall succeed
Or else. you will regret it
Listen to what I say
You have just one life. my friend
When the world hails you
That is the bliss of your birth
You have just one life. my friend
PANCHAYAT UNION PRIMARY SCHOOL.
CHOLAVARAM.
Give me.
Give me fast.
-Someone might come.
-You thieves…
How long has this been going on?
Sir. please don’t tell anyone.
Scoundrel!
If you do this again.
I will inform the principal.
-No need.
-What happened. madam?
Your friend does not know
how to behave with girls.
What did you do?
This fleabag was harassing
my daughter.
Oh. my God!
I tried something romantic.
Yuck!
Romantic?
Idiot!
Are you drunk?
I had a couple of drinks for courage.
Then she. too.
smacked me a couple of times.
You scoundrel!
How many scoundrels?
For whom
For whom is this
There are a lot of mosquitoes.
Please. come inside.
I didn’t flinch when she smacked me.
Get lost. Prakash Reddy.
Malaria.
Take good care of Meenakshi.
You take care of yourself.
What happened. brother?
I am leaving.
Brother. why are you scared of Malaria?
Nothing will happen.
So. should I wait till I get Typhoid.
Dengue. and Chikungunya?
-Let me go. brother.
-Brother. nothing like that would happen.
Yeah. even my gym coach
said the same thing.
Nothing will happen if you
lift weights.
I injured myself just by
lifting dumbbells.
-Good evening. Bala sir.
-Good evening.
-Hey. I am also here. right?
Will you not wish me?
Coconut head!
Even the students only like you.
But me?
Brother?
Bye. sister!
What should we do now?
About chemistry and physics. right?
I will handle both classes.
-You?
-Yes.
Can you teach science?
Madam. what are you saying?
I scored full marks in my 12th.
Do you know that?
English was my Achilles heel.
Or else. I would
have scored 1200 for sure.
Mr. Prakash Reddy and Mr. Karthik
are on leave due to personal reasons.
So. I will be taking both physics
and chemistry classes.
-Yay!
Come!
I cannot take two separate classes.
So. you need to adjust.
-Hey. get up.
-Get up. man.
-I cannot sit beside you.
-Didn't you hear me?
So. now we are going
to be studying speed.
Hey. move to that side.
Hey. I will break your skull.
-Hey!
-What do you think of yourself?
-Hey?
Get lost! Go now!
Hey. what is the problem?
What is it?
First. you all sit down.
Sir…
we will never sit beside them.
Why?
-Because they are…
-They are?
-They are different.
-Different. how?
Different means. different. sir.
That’s okay. sir. We will stand.
Yes. sir.
All of you step out.
Sir. what did we do?
Get out!
Average speed = total distance
traveled / total time…
-Why are you all standing out?
-taken.
Sir asked us to.
Why?
Mean average = deltaT/deltaX
= X1+X2/T1+
-T2
-Bala sir?
Madam. give me five minutes. please.
Five minutes.
Please.
-Are you taking notes?
-Yes. sir!
And this is instantaneous speed.
Did you understand?
Yes. sir.
Did you understand it clearly?
-Clearly. sir.
Very good. Now get out.
Go out.
You all come inside.
Velocity.
The average velocity of all
moving objects is zero.
Okay?
Did you understand?
Yes. sir.
Now you all come inside.
Now all of you get up.
Stand up. Get up fast.
Today I taught you two topics.
The first was speed.
and the other one was velocity.
Tomorrow I will conduct a test on both.
So come prepared.
How come. sir?
You taught us only about speed.
Sir. you taught us only about velocity.
I covered two topics.
The first was speed.
And the second one was velocity.
Tomorrow there will be a test on both.
So come prepared.
This is not fair.
Yes. sir. You took the classes separately.
Then how can you test us on both?
For 60 minutes…
I took separate classes
and you all feel that it is not fair.
For the past 17 years…
you have been living with
a wall in between in the name of caste.
Don’t you find that wrong?
Sir. our parents will never allow it.
Fine. this is your village. Okay.
What if you go to a town
or a city for higher studies?
Will you see differences even there?
Alright. If you get a good job
after your studies.
and if your boss is
of different a caste.
What will you do then?
Will you quit the job?
Fine.
I have been here all these days.
What is my caste. tell me?
Don’t you want to know?
Because… I am imparting knowledge.
And you need me.
You are not bothered about my caste.
Muthu wrote all your assignments.
Why weren’t you disturbed by his caste?
Why?
Because your needs will know no caste.
Likewise. no man is ever unwanted.
When you know that. you will forget
all these minuscule differences.
We got it. sir.
Please take the class for all of us.
Listen carefully.
I have covered two topics today.
I cannot take the class again.
Sir. please don’t say that.
Veeranna. did you understand
what he taught?
Yes. I did.
Then you teach me about velocity.
I will teach you about speed.
Okay?
Padmavathi?
Come here.
What is this. madam?
Will you not ask
for permission before entering?
You gave me a gift of love
You came into this wretched heart
There is no guide to teach love
So come to teach me. teacher
There are desires saved up
Come to give all that to me. teacher
I will exchange my heart for yours
Oh my! What feeling is this?
I failed because of you
I pretended not to like you
But I am all yours now
Oh my! What feeling is this?
I failed because of you
I pretended not to like you
But I am all yours now
-I became a nightingale
-I am going home.
-That sings your name every day
-This is the
number of the phone booth
near my house.
-Call me if you need anything.
-Since you saw me
I have become very stylish
I became a Hero pen in your pocket
With all my heart I became your fan
I want to keep looking at you
I want to join hands with you
We must go around this village
Together as lovers
A grand marriage with band concert
It should be heard everywhere
This is my horoscope.
Speak with your mother
and let me know.
I pretended not to like you
But I am all yours now
Oh my! What feeling is this?
I failed because of you
Ready?
Smile!
The results are out.
Come on.
-Look. it is there.
-I have passed.
-Yes. I too passed.
-Hey. you too have passed.
-Hey you too have passed.
-Yeah!
Bala sir passed his first exam.
All the students secured first class
in their results.
The entire college was in a festive mood.
Look over there.
-Hi!
Teacher. you did it!
Sir!
Where is Meen… Meenakshi madam?
-Bala sir?
-Madam.
Sir!
Sir. just a minute.
-Brother-in-law?
-Welcome. sir.
Come. sir.
How are you. sir?
It’s been a long time.
-Balamurugan?
-Sir. it’s me!
-Balamurugan
-He's your guy.
So. I took care of everything.
Sir. do you remember me?
-That day in assembly?
-Yeah.
That was you?
Yes. sir. It was me. Balamurugan.
Come on brother-in-law.
Let’s cut the cake.
-Sir. this way. please.
-Come on.
Magalakshmi.
-Brother-in-law. cut the cake.
-Madam. come here.
That is…
-Brother-in-law. feed the cake to me.
-Sir?
Sir. me too.
Sir. I did what you asked.
Actually. I have done much more.
All the students have secured first class.
Not just in maths. sir.
I even took physics
and chemistry classes.
Biology was handled by Meenakshi madam.
You met her. right?
Good.
Sir. please do encourage us like this.
Next year. I will make the students
pass with a distinction.
Hey!
It was sheer luck
that the kids passed this year.
So don't get carried away!
Distinction? My foot!
Sir… what did I do?
I think you might
shut down all my schools.
The pass percentage in my school is 75.
But in this Government school.
the pass percentage is 100.
Now. these parents
want to admit their kids here.
Bloody middle-class customers.
Customers?
-Stu…
-Customers only.
They are customers.
This is a business.
Like in any business.
our target is middle-class customers.
We have kept their minds
tuned all these days.
and now you're trying to change it.
What are you saying?
If they need a good education.
then they must pay for it.
Why do we have the Thirupathi logo here?
Because Thirupathi has more money.
Zero fees. zero education.
More fees. more education.
This is the trend now.
TNPCEE coaching is 25.000 rupees.
IIT coaching is 45.000 rupees.
This is the range.
Anyone who wants to study has to pay.
Because only money can buy you knowledge.
What about the people who have nothing?
That is why government schools exist.
Listen. they don’t have great ambitions.
Writing a 12th standard exam
is a big thing for them.
If they pass.
they will celebrate it like a festival.
If he is a villager. then he will
go to work in farms and fields.
If he is in a city.
he will settle as a driver or a cook.
Bloody lower middle-class.
Even my father is a driver. sir.
My family is also lower middle-class.
I mean… I wasn't talking about you.
Didn’t you take over these schools
to help them?
Was it just business?
You have mistaken me.
I wasn't talking about you.
Sir. you didn’t send me here
to achieve anything.
You thought I'll fail here.
Hey…
Bala. it was a slip of the tongue.
Let it go. Okay?
You are talented.
This is not the place for you.
Come with me.
I will make you
a permanent teacher in the main branch.
I will pay you one lakh rupees per month.
I will give you a house.
a car. and everything.
Come with me.
Sir. the food is ready.
Come. let’s eat and leave.
Come.
Brother. can you sit there and eat?
-Please don’t mind me.
-That’s okay.
Sir. they are lower middle class.
This is how they are.
You eat. sir.
Please eat.
Generally.
parents from the lower middle class
neglect their needs
to fulfill the needs of their kids.
They would starve themselves
so that their kids could eat.
They would buy new clothes for their kids
and continue
to stitch their tattered clothing.
These same parents
would even sell their blood
so that their kids
could go to a good school.
But how long will you keep doing this?
I have made up my mind.
I think their future is better than
your offer.
I think it is fair for me
to stay here than to come with you.
What can you do?
You can help them pass another year.
Will that change their lives?
Sir. not just pass.
I will make them state toppers.
Sure. And then?
Here there are…
10. 17. 25. 30. 45 students.
I will help all these students
to secure a state rank.
I will never let you win.
Sir. education is like an offering
to God in the temple. Be generous.
Don’t sell it like
the food in five-star hotels.
Thirupathi sir!
Thank you. sir.
Take care. sir.
Bye. sir.
Brother-in-law!
Brother-in-law. just a minute.
Give that.
-Go on.
-Sir. please smile.
Get lost!
Brother-in-law?
GOVERNMENT HIGHER SECONDARY SCHOOL
CHOLAVARAM
Thirupathi. you said.
“Use your brain. Sudhakar!”
You said only third-grade
junior teachers would be sent.
Now because of this one guy you
sent. we are going to lose everything.
He is just one man. right?
What if it doesn’t stop with just him?
What if other teachers
get inspired by him?
What will we do then?
A MIRACLE IN SOZHAVARAM
What if this article
comes on the first page?
People will surely neglect our ads.
Hey…
I started this business with
teachers who had no idea about life.
I built this empire.
I will not keep quiet
if someone tries to destroy it.
After all. he is a school teacher.
Why don’t you fire him?
There are some issues
in the contract. Sena.
What are they?
A notice must be issued
six months in advance.
But giving him so much time
will surely create problems for me.
So what?
Do you want
to put the government at risk?
The opposition party
will have a field day with this.
CM will never consent to this.
Hey. Thirupathi?
Why is another Benz car here?
That is not mine.
It is yours.
All this is fine with me.
But CM will never agree to it.
Why is Narayanasamy here?
CM may not listen to you.
But he has to listen
to the opposition leader in the assembly.
Thirupathi?
-Can you do me a small favor?
-What is it?
Please don’t come into politics.
I definitely will not.
You can never earn like this in politics.
GOVERNMENT OF TAMIL NADU CHIEF SECRETARIAT
Honorable Speaker.
the rate of unemployment
in our state is on a continuous rise.
What is the reason?
A PROTEST STARTED BY NARAYANASAMY
Privatization!
Like roads and railway contracts.
the government has handed over
education to private organizations.
President has ordered us not
to supply milk to you.
If you want it. please come
to the center to buy milk.
Sorry. sir!
What are you going to tell the youth
who have registered
with the employment exchange?
And are waiting for teaching job offers?
I insist you cancel this government order
that allows the privatization of schools.
-Education Minister!
-Down. down!
Give the key to madam.
You are fired.
What happened. sir?
Go and ask your son.
Sir?
Last year appointment of teachers
to government schools was delayed
due to the negligence of some officers.
The Private Schools Association took over
some government schools and helped us out.
But situations have changed
for the better.
In the recently conducted interviews.
we have selected 500 teachers.
But we cannot appoint them immediately.
Because all the government schools
are under contract with private schools.
So their teachers are still working there.
Hence we couldn’t appoint anyone.
So. we are immediately canceling the MOU.
thus revoking the government order
that was passed earlier.
After this. all the private teachers
will return to their schools.
Son. don’t worry.
Everything will be alright.
I made a vow to visit Kasi
if Meenakshi found a good match.
That is why we are in a hurry.
Muthu?
Brother. did you see Muthu?
He is at the liquor shop.
Wipe it.
12th standard supplementary
exam hall ticket.
Remember?
You promised
to do whatever I ask for.
My mother and father are gone.
Now you are leaving too.
Then for whom should I write?
You wanted to study engineering.
But I couldn’t afford that.
I am a loser.
-Why do you say…
-Hey!
Just ensure at least one of the students
studies engineering or medicine.
I will consider myself a winner.
Behind the happiness
of that student’s parents.
I will feel proud
that my son did all this.
Yes.
What happened?
Why are you lamenting over this?
When they don't get what they desire.
Kids will cry only for a day.
But their parents will cry throughout
their lives when they couldn’t
afford their child’s needs.
You will never understand that pain.
They thought that they won.
But the war had just begun.
So many gave their names
to join the 11th standard.
But now. they've disappeared.
-Hey. Veeranna?
-Yes?
-Where are you going with a bag?
-I am going to the class.
Class?
We have at least three months
before the teachers arrive.
-What?
-Even the holidays are not over. Come!
Hello?
Brother-in-law.
that maths teacher is still here.
He is taking classes outside
the village.
-What happened. sir?
-Get lost!
-What should we do?
-You blithering fool!
He is taking a class in your village.
Aren’t you the president?
And you're asking me?
Hey. find out who owns the land.
-This school is cool. isn’t it?
-Yes. buddy.
Hey. teacher! How are you?
How dare you?!
Take everything apart!
Hey. don’t do that!
Hey!
Hey. listen to me. Let go of me.
Pull everything down!
Hey! Get up!
I said. get up!
Didn't you hear me?
You idiot!
-Sir. he is beating me!
-Hey. wait! Stop there!
Are you trying to create trouble?
Come to the station.
Sir. they were the ones who destroyed
everything when the kids were studying.
I know what happened here.
-Now come to the station.
-Just leave me. sir.
Now. I know.
You guys are all the same.
What are you mumbling there? Speak up.
How much did you get?
What?
How much was your price?
What did you say?
Hey. give that to me!
For how much did you sell
your loyalty?
Do you know
to whom you are talking?
-Sir!
-How much money did you receive?
How much did they pay you?
How dare you touch a Policeman!
Rascal!
Come here!
Drive!
-Hey. sir!
-Police are taking him away.
-They are taking him!
-Sir!
-They're taking him.
Beat him up.
Sir. it is not right to beat a teacher.
How dare he hit me?
Do you want me to spare him?
Hey! Thrash that fellow to death.
Sir!
Let our sir out!
Let him go!
Sir!
Mr. President!
Police have arrested our Bala sir.
-If you could…
-Our Bala sir?
What. sir?
You’ve become very close to him.
No. sir. But…
Do you think the police
arrested him for no reason?
He illegally occupied Subbaiah’s land.
He filed a complaint.
Hence. they arrested him.
No way. sir.
He asked Subbaiah’s permission
to take his class there.
-Tell him.
-Yes. tell me!
Phone call for you.
-Who is it?
-Inspector.
Hello?
Sir. the students are rioting
in front of the station.
Just give them a good beating.
They will automatically disperse.
-Your daughter is also among them.
-What?
-Leave me.
-Move away!
CHOLAVARAM POLICE STATION
Stop it.
I will kill you!
Stop it!
-Stop it!
-Why should we?
Ask them to release our sir.
You all are behaving like goons.
-Let me go!
-Shut up and go home with your parents.
-Hey!
-Come on. Let’s go!
What are you doing?
Won’t you listen to me?
-But Dad. it is our sir!
-Our sir is in jail mom.
She is your daughter. right?
Take her home now.
Come on.
Our sir!
Dad!
-Our sir is in there!
-Take them.
Hey. don’t put him in jail
and make him a martyr.
He has to flee that village.
Like an orphan.
For misusing the school funds.
For trying to occupy Subbaiah’s land.
And for manhandling the
Panchayat members. government employees.
and local body members.
For all these reasons.
Balamurugan is being expelled
from our village!
Mr. President. did you call me?
My slipper is torn. Mend it fast.
Yes. come.
Does your daughter
think she is a goon?
She threw stones
at the police station!
-But. our teacher…
-Not a word. or else I will kill you!
Who is it?
I think the police have come
to drop that teacher.
Go and see what it is.
Okay. sir.
Sir. please!
We must not help him.
Hey. where are you going?
-Hey. stop!
-Hey!
No. don't come.
Muthu. no!
Get back.
-Hey. leave me!
-Go now!
Hey!
-Come here!
-Leave me!
Leave me!
Hey!
He was the man who taught us.
Can you tell him…
He did all this for you.
His feet are burning
in the scorching heat.
But you're sitting
in the comfort of your house?
Are you a human being?
You ungrateful hounds!
Leave me! Let me go!
What?
Hey!
-Sir!
-Veeranna!
Hey. Ranga!
Hey. Chellaiya!
What is your son up to?
Hey. Veeranna!
What are you doing?
President will expel us
from the village.
What do you mean?
We are already living on
the outskirts.
Let's go out of this village.
What difference will that make?
I was never allowed
to see God in the temple's sanctum.
I saw him only at school.
He is our God!
Tears are welling up
Tears are welling up in eyes
The heart is crumbling
From all the anguish
The golden pot which fed us
Now it is broken
We went to worship Lord
But the temple came shattering down
The hurricane lamp has become dark
The pureness of milk has become black
The plain land is drenched with water
The flowers have drowned in the tears
As all the villagers come forward
The crescent has stopped in its tracks
Even if it grows in the backyard
The holy basil has a fragrance
Even when thrown in the streets
-Our love shall continue to live on
-Please drop our teacher near his home.
Like smoke in the earthen stove
A group of people are scorched
When you try to pull out the weeds
It will trample your feet and push down
He looks like our Bala!
Bala!
-Sir!
-Bala!
Bala!
Hello?
Bala sir. how are you?
I was about to call you.
I am coming there.
I cannot be here without you.
No. you have to stay there.
For the students.
Also. I have nothing.
What do you mean by nothing?
Let's forget everything. madam.
Hello?
What happened?
These are the new teachers.
Sri Vani. Maths teacher…
We were toiling in the farm fields
We didn't study anything
Daily we live in the sludge
Even Lord hasn't saved us
The education that demands money
Has become a dream to us
It is like a writing on water
GOVERNMENT HIGH SCHOOL
SOZHAVARAM
Do we have to stitch the shirt
With a broken needle?
Do we have to bend down and slough
Our entire lives?
We have no hope for the future
But do we have to die for that?
The plain land is drenched with water
The flowers have drowned in the tears
As all the villagers come forward
The crescent has stopped in its tracks
-We should go there today.
-Okay. fine.
What is this Bala?
What to do?
Something must be done.
Hence proved. you understand?
Write down. E=MC²
Who is that genius.
coming late to class?
Madam!
ANNAI ILLAM
How are you. madam?
How is your mother. madam?
I said I would come to you. right?
Why did you hang up abruptly?
It's all my fault.
I trusted a city boy.
I deserve this.
Madam. please don't cry.
Everyone is watching.
-Please. madam.
-Who is it. Bala?
Mom!
Oh. salesgirl?
-These people are relentless.
-Mom?
Always ready to sell soaps
or washing powders.
Listen.
no matter how much you cry.
-Mom. please listen to…
-we will not buy any soap or detergent.
Your son promised to marry me
and deceived me.
Oh! No. Mom!
Oh. my God!
What is all this Bala?
-Oh. my God!
-Dear. show me your face.
How can you say no
to such a pretty girl?
Have you gone mad?!
-You crazy lunatic!
-No. mom!
Don't be the cause
of a girl's tears.
It will never let you live in peace.
Hey. the class is over. Come tomorrow.
-It is okay. sir. We will stay.
-You'll stay?
What is it. dear?
What happened?
Your disciple had promised
to marry this pretty girl
but then deceived her.
and now she is pregnant.
Pregnant? No. mom!
-He didn’t get you pregnant?
-No. mom!
Oh! Thank God.
Listen. if you don't marry this girl.
I swear I will drink poison and die.
Can you calm down?
Stop talking unnecessarily.
What will happen after marriage?
How will we survive?
Where will she live in this house?
I just earn half
of what your husband earns.
I will work as well. sir.
If need be. I will take tuition here.
Who will come for biology tuitions. madam?
-Don't underestimate me.
-No!
-Understood?
-Yes.
Sharadha. serve me some food.
Why is your face glowing?
Is it?
Hey?
What happened?
Whatever!
What happened to him?
Uncle. he is feeling shy.
Oh. shy…
Hey. who are you?
Sharadha. where did you go now?
She is our future daughter-in-law.
Daughter-in-law?
She works as a biology teacher.
at Sozhavaram government school.
Oh?
They both are in love.
Hey. superb man!
He didn't even tell us.
How are the students. madam?
Are the new teachers teaching well?
Thank you.
The entire school is empty. sir.
None of the new teachers are good.
They took a long leave
and joined private schools.
Please do something. sir.
Let's talk about something else. madam.
Please help me. sir.
-Somehow…
-Please. sir. Please. ten rupees. sir.
I too feel that this teaching
profession is not my cup of tea.
Sir! Please. sir!
-I am going to… try for some other job.
-Thank you. sir!
Sir. I want to buy books.
but I have no money.
I am planning to stop the tuition.
-Is this a new method of begging?
-Oh! Not at all. sir.
You can ask any questions
from this book. I…
-Mummy!
-Hey. don't touch me.
Hey!
-Are you okay?
-Yeah okay. sir.
Sir. can I get ten rupees?
Sir. ten rupees. please?
My father stopped me from going to school
and asked me to work in a hotel.
Twenty rupees per day.
Then why do you beg?
Only then can I make about
30 to 40 rupees. sir.
Twenty rupees is for my father.
And the other twenty are for my studies.
Fine. I can do one thing.
I will give you 20 rupees.
You go and give it to your father.
And you can come here to study.
A befitting guru for the disciple.
Sir. are you joking?
I am very serious.
Tell me. will you study or not?
I will. sir.
I will study. sir.
First. I will go and tell my mom.
Bye. sir.
This is what I like about you. sir.
You want all the kids
to get an education.
What about our students?
Are you going to abandon them?
-Sir?
-I cannot. madam.
I have failed.
Sir. if you really believe
that you've failed.
then it means all the 45 students
who have faith in you have failed too.
Even I want to succeed. madam.
And all of them.
Why wouldn't I?
But how?
I… I can't even set foot in that village.
Sir…
before you.
it was just an empty building.
But you turned it
into a school for students.
If you can do that.
then anything is possible.
What are you saying. madam?
Even if I can't go into the village.
it will be enough if
my teaching reaches them. right?
It will reach them.
Hello. sir! How are you?
I haven't seen you in a long time.
Sir. I heard about everything.
I felt very sad.
That's alright.
I need a small favor.
Tell me. sir.
Watch today!
A superhit film Arunachalam.
starring superstar Rajinikanth.
I'm not making enough money
from these sleazy movies.
So. if I show family movies.
I can make some extra money.
I am planning
to show a free movie on the first day.
Exclusively to our 12th grade students!
I request all of you
to come and see the movie.
Do come without fail
to our Lakshmi Talkies.
Lakshmi Talkies!
You have found a way
to fill your coffers.
Gopika?
Come to the theater
at six in the evening without fail.
Inform all your friends.
-Okay?
-Okay. miss.
You too must come in the evening. sir.
But is this technically possible. sir?
Madam. we have
got a new projector from Singapore.
We can connect it
to the VCR and play it. sir.
Wait!
Today there is no show for you.
You can leave.
This is only for small kids.
-Go now.
-This show is not for you.
It is for the bigger kids. okay?
Now go home.
Hey. where are you going?
It's okay. He can come as well.
What is this?
-This is not Arunachalam.
-It is not?
Why are they showing a board?
They said they'll show Arunachalam.
Hey. kids! How are you?
Focus. sir. Focus.
-Hey! It is our Bala sir.
-Focus?
-What?
-Hey it's Bala sir.
-Hey. it's Bala sir.
-Bala sir.
Isn't that Bala sir?
-Is it okay now?
-Sir!
-Ready. sir! Action!
-Yes. okay.
So. how are you all?
-We are fine. sir.
Do you think about me?
-Always. sir.
I always think about you kids.
Please forgive me.
I was not there when you
needed me the most.
That will never happen again.
We have one month for the exams. right?
Okay. no problem.
From today onwards. from six to nine.
your classes will be conducted here.
Math. physics. and chemistry
classes will be taken here by me.
Mr. Thanikachalam and Meenakshi madam
will cover the rest at school.
The 70 and 80 percent
that you scored in the 11th standard
will not be sufficient this time.
This time all of you must
score not less than 90 percent.
Ninety percent?
That will be a piece of cake for you.
I know that.
But our target is not only 12th marks.
What is this? TNPCEE?
Are you scared. Kumar?
Yes.
How long will you be afraid?
How long will you be like this?
Study so hard…
That this whole village
will be proud of you.
Those who said
you don't need an education…
those who ill-treated you
because of your status…
those who think girls
are just for marriage.
and all those people…
All those people
must speak proudly of you.
To look at you…
they must lift their heads up.
If it takes penance
to achieve it. we will do it.
Those who are willing
to join me in this penance.
raise your hands.
I am ready. sir!
-Me too. sir!
-I am ready!
We are ready. sir.
Let’s rise at dusk
Let’s hail the war
Let’s prove our will is our weapon
Let’s sever pain
Let’s till dreams
In the thickening darkness
Let’s become the brilliant pole stars
-Let a hundred thunderbolts land
-Tickets are sold out. It's a full house!
It's all sold out.
Students have some doubts.
Alright.
We are staging a play called
Ravana Kaviyam for Shivarathri.
And you must surely come.
Great play!
The guy who played Ravana stole the show.
I will visit every Sunday
and clear all your doubts.
Okay?
Brother. please take this.
No need. sir.
This was a sleazy old theater.
But because of you.
it has become a school now.
That alone is enough for me.
Remember everything I told you.
Here. take the class.
Sir. what are you doing here
at this time?
Aren't you the head
of invigilators in this center?
Yes. sir.
Some of our students wrote their
exams here.
I asked you to take care of them.
Did you?
-I did. sir.
-Hey. Mr. Thirupathi.
-Okay. let's meet later.
-Thank you. sir.
How are you. sir?
Who are you?
I am Muthupandian's daughter.
-Pandian's daughter?
-Sozhavaram president's daughter. sir.
What are you doing here?
Sir. this is our examination center.
Today was our last exam.
-We have all performed well.
-Yes. sir.
-We will take your leave. sir.
-Bye. sir.
See you. sir.
Sir. did you call me?
The name is Balamurugan.
Enquire about his whereabouts.
Why is she studying so hard?
Your daughter wants
to become an engineer.
That is totally not necessary.
We are going to get her married
this year and send her to America.
I don't want anyone to send
or take me to America.
I will study hard
and go to America myself.
You live only once. you die only once
Go boldly. go boldly
I wish to study. sir
The stronger trying to suppress the weaker
Is that right? Is that right?
To set the world ablaze
with the fire of knowledge
You stand upright. you stand upright
These are the best students
from all our branches. sir.
Top-rank aspects!
Were we born to fall down?
Let’s rise up like seeds
-If there is a light in your heart
-Take these tapes.
-Be careful.
-Okay. sir.
Come. let’s hold the banner high
Ahead. move ahead
You are a boundless wild river
You need not shed tears!
Bala is not here. sir.
But the classes have been
recorded in cassettes. and they
are playing it here in the theater.
Video class?
Yes. sir.
Hello?
Yes?
He is in your village. in a cinema
theater. and is taking video classes.
Are you happily sitting at home
and watching TV?
Oh. no! Brother-in-law. I did…
What is a video class?
Hey. listen to me.
There is a TNPCEE exam tomorrow.
Make sure no one
from your village attends it.
Brother-in-law…
there is a limit
to iniquity and injustice.
If we cross that limit.
even we would cease to exist in politics.
All these days. I was thinking that
you would be of some use to me.
But I didn't realize that you
were using me.
Just saying!
-Why are you so late?
-Mom…
How many times to tell you?
Hey! Don't scold her.
Shouldn't I be concerned if a teenage
girl comes home at this hour?
You go inside.
You and your daughter!
Are you studying well?
Yes. Dad.
Okay. go to bed.
Tomorrow you have an exam.
Okay. Dad.
You know the answer
to these questions. right?
Yes.
-You studied this?
-Tell me this one.
Hey. this is the bus.
Stop!
-Come on.
-Come. guys.
Hey! Come. guys!
Hey. why did you stop the bus?
Have you lost it?
Hey! Sit down.
Sit down quietly.
We have hijacked this bus
for the next three hours.
No shouting!
That is not possible.
We have an exam.
Where are you going to write?
Sit down.
-How dare you touch us?
-Hey. Gopalakrishna!
No bad words.
All of you sit quietly
and study for your exams.
Mahalakshmi. take your book.
What am I saying.
and what are you doing?
Aren’t you kids scared?
-No. man!
-Why. man?
It's time to defend
Let the valor within you rise!
Chase and round up the evil forces
And serve them. the master style!
You are the lava within the volcano
When you are threatened
Don't fear. start a war
As courage stands within you
Your enemies shall cower in fear
The earth trembles
By the action of the empowered
This sends shiver down the spine
For the new generation to be liberated
Education becomes the new blood
Knowledge is free
But it was sold by the wretched
Remember education is your birthright
Knowledge paves way for revolution
You have to embrace education
You have to pave a new path
Hey. cut the tires!
Okay. dude. Come. guys!
Come. guys!
Here comes a brave warrior
The one who teaches a lesson
He was born to right the wrong
A great devotee of Lord Shiva
Each of his steps becomes firmer
Master’s determination grows stronger
As he forms a fist and gives a punch
The earth stops at his power
He burns a new way
Boundaries wither away
A new society is formed
The bent backs rise slowly
Hey!
Students don’t waste your time.
Keep studying.
Driver. start the bus.
Okay. madam.
Sir. leave them. Come. let’s go.
Come on. sir.
Let’s go. It’s getting late.
What happened?
TAMIL NADU STATE TRANSPORT CORPORATION
Come on. guys. Let's go.
Run guys.
-Come on. start the vehicle.
-Start it. fast!
Go. Go!
Bala sir!
Sir!
Don't cry. sir.
Sir. please stop the vehicle.
Please stop.
Sir. the kids have an exam in town.
Can you please drop them off
in your cart?
We are taking grains to the market.
There's no room.
It is very difficult.
Sir. please see what you can do.
Their future depends on this exam.
I am telling…
Hey. old man! What are you doing?
Have you gone mad?
Why are you throwing away
the rice sacks?
Hey! I am not mad.
This is my duty.
I can sell this anytime in the future.
Kids have an exam to go to.
Their future depends on this exam.
Shut up and unload the cart. Do it.
What are you staring at?
Unload the cart.
Hey. put it down
Put it.
Come on. get on it.
-Thank you so much. sir.
-Thank you.
WELCOME TO CHOLAVARAM
Today is the result of
our entrance exam.
We are very nervous. brother.
Can you check and tell me?
Did you all secure a rank. sir?
What was your rank. sir?
Krishna. 41.
Medical.
Suresh. 59.
Dhivya. 21.
Medical.
Anandhi. 55.
-Engineering.
-Hey. congrats!
Thank you.
V. Angayarkanni. 33.
-Thank you.
-Medical.
N. Ramasamy. 29.
Engineering.
M. Varalakshmi. 30.
P. Mahalakshmi. 15.
C. Padmavathi. 8.
G. Pramila. 33.
S. Veeranna. 14.
We did it. dude.
We all have secured ranks. Mahesh.
Did all 45 of you get ranks. sir?
All 46 of us.
How is that possible. sir?
There were only 45 students. right?
A. M. Kumar.
A. M. Kumar. first rank.
-Who is that?
-Who?
Do you know who it is?
Who is A. M. Kumar?
We don’t know.
Who is it?
Including me…
Forty-six.
Congrats. dude!
Hey. it is our Muthu!
Sir asked me to hand these to you.
Muthu. tell me your full name.
Anandha Muthuvelkumar.
It’s too long. kiddo.
You did it. Bala!
LAKSHMI TOURING TALKIES
Success!
Our Bala sir has won!
Ninth rank. right?
It will still cost you
three to four thousand per month.
You earn just 800 rupees
per month. right?
-Yes. sir.
-Don’t worry.
You need not borrow money.
I will take care of the expenses
of his education.
I will also send him
to America for his higher studies.
I will arrange a sub-inspector
job for you in Coimbatore.
I will set up a hotel for your
mother in the town.
You have to do just one thing.
Just say that you got the marks
because of the coaching provided
to you by Thirupathi Coaching Center.
Sign this agreement. which says you
took a short-term course at our center.
The land your parents lost…
is yours from now.
Municipality Chairman post for you.
Bala is here. sir.
All your students have signed
the agreement with me.
Even in their sleep. they will say
Thirupathi got them the ranks.
If they utter your name in public even by
mistake. I will destroy their future.
Do you understand?
On that fateful day. during the assembly…
I didn’t even notice your face.
You were standing very far.
You were this small.
And you wanted to beat me in my game?
Thirupathi sir…
a while ago. you had said.
"Zero fees. zero education.
More fees. more education."
None of my students on that board
scored these ranks
by paying thousands of rupees.
Instead. you have spent lakhs of rupees
to buy their result
and their hard-earned victory.
Didn't you?
Do you call this a victory?
Okay. sir!
Thank you. sir!
Take care. sir!
A man who had no belief in you.
A man who ill-treated you
Today. stands in front of your house.
requesting you to become
brand ambassadors for his institutions.
He is requesting you.
Like how Sachin represents Boost.
I wanted this kind of respect for you.
And you have earned it.
Great! Go and sign it.
Sign the contract.
But. sir?
What is he saying?
Education became a business long ago.
It will become an even bigger business
in the future.
The fees that they charge
for the 11th and 12th today.
Will be charged
for kindergarten schools in the future.
Thirupathi is just
the one person that we know.
There are many such men in
this country.
Is Thirupathi taking care
of your academic expenses?
Let him do so.
Is he fulfilling the promises
he made to your families?
Let him fulfill.
Is he sending you abroad
for higher studies?
Let him send you.
Use his ego
to climb up the ladder of success.
Settle in a good position.
Then…
provide free education to those
who cannot afford it.
Just like you. make them winners.
There are 46 of you.
If you make up your mind.
you can change so many lives.
Just sign it.
I will never forget my first day
at Thirupathi Coaching Center.
Teachers discovered my talents
and encouraged me a lot.
This is your place.
Now go.
When I made a mistake.
they reprimanded me.
They guided me on the right path.
They set a goal for me
and helped me achieve it.
I…
don’t have parents.
Thirupathi Coaching Center is my family.
Everyone goes there with their parents.
I have no one.
Can you ask if he will come with me?
He left.
Just like. how God would vanish
after giving a boon. he vanished.
He might have thought
that his presence there
might put us in trouble with Thirupathi.
He left.
To this day.
none of us have seen Bala sir.
We have turned the theater.
where Bala sir taught us.
into a coaching center.
All 46 of us take turns throughout
the year and take classes for
these underprivileged kids.
-Hey. Abi! It’s your grandpa!
-Abi! It’s your grandpa!
We don’t sell education here.
We distribute it like food in a temple.
Where is Bala sir now?
I don’t know.
Brother. please give me a bun.
Here.
Thanks.
-Do you want to study?
-Yes. sir.
Come with me.
Wherever he might be.
he will continue to provide education.
Just like offerings made to God.
Study diligently.
Thank you. sir!